README.md, before:

<h1 align="left">Hey 👋 I'm Diogo</h1>

###

<p align="left">Im a junior software developer focused on full stack web development studying at 42 Lisboa.</p>

###

<h2 align="left">About me</h2>

###

<p align="left">✨ 🔭 I’m currently focusing on 42 common core and personal projects.<br><br>📚  I’m currently learning mainly C and Python at 42, and to keep up with my passion of Web Development NodeJS, Tailwind and React.<br><br>🎯 My goal is to become as productive and autonomous as possible. I'm always willing to learn more about tech and software.<br><br>📩 Reach me via E-Mail: diogolbsilva2006@gmail.com</p>

###

###

![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fsylvzzz%2Fsylvzzz&label=VISITORS&countColor=%23263759)

###

<h2 align="left">My Socials</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diogo-lb-silva/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/sylvz._" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/instagram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="instagram logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

<h2 align="left">My tech stack</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" height="40" alt="postgresql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" height="40" alt="c logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" height="40" alt="express logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="40" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" height="40" alt="tailwindcss logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="40" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/wordpress/wordpress-original.svg" height="40" alt="wordpress logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" height="40" alt="debian logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="40" alt="vim logo"  />
</div>

###

###

<h2 align="left">Personal Projects</h2>

###

| Project Name | Key Concepts | Grade | Languages/tech used |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| [**Reuniões AL**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Plataforma-de-Agenda) | Simple Full Stack `CRUD` WebApp similar to google calendar for scheduling meetings | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|
| [**Plano Anual de Atividades**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Plano-Anual-de-Atividades) | Simple Full Stack `CRUD` WebApp similar to google calendar for student activities | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>| |
| [**Quizzes AL**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Quizzes) | Full Stack WebApp for Quizzes with a goal to dynamize  using `static variables` | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>| |
| [**PAP 2025**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/PAP_2025) | Full Stack Social Media WebApp destined for my high school with a goal of connecting the school community | 17/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|
| [**Photography JR**](https://photography-jr.vercel.app) | Full Stack WebApp developed for a photographer friend to help share his work | No grade | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/NodeJS-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Supabase-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Vercel-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|

###

<h2 align="left">42 Projects</h2>

###

| Project Name | Key Concepts | Grade | Languages/tech used |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| [**Libft**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/42-libft) | Custom C library using `malloc`, `free`, linked lists and pointers | 125 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**ft_printf**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/ft_printf) | Writing the `printf` standard function from scratch | 100 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**get_next_line**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/get-next-line) | Writing a function that returns a line read from a file descriptor, using `static variables` | 100 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**Born2beroot**] | System administration and Computer Networks project developed on a virtual machine, covering concepts such as `LVM`, `UFW`, `SSH`, `WordPress`, `MariaDB/MySQL` and more | 125 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Wordpress.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/>

<a href="https://github.com/oakoudad/badge42"><img src="https://badge.mediaplus.ma/colorfulwaves/dbotelho?1337Badge=off&UM6P=off" alt="dbotelho's 42 stats" /></a>

Commit message:

Add 'push_swap' project details to README
Added a new project entry for 'push_swap' detailing its functionality and evaluation status.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="left">Hey 👋 I'm Diogo</h1>

###

<p align="left">Im a junior software developer focused on full stack web development studying at 42 Lisboa.</p>

###

<h2 align="left">About me</h2>

###

<p align="left">✨ 🔭 I’m currently focusing on 42 common core and personal projects.<br><br>📚  I’m currently learning mainly C and Python at 42, and to keep up with my passion of Web Development NodeJS, Tailwind and React.<br><br>🎯 My goal is to become as productive and autonomous as possible. I'm always willing to learn more about tech and software.<br><br>📩 Reach me via E-Mail: diogolbsilva2006@gmail.com</p>

###

###

![Visitors](https://api.visitorbadge.io/api/visitors?path=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fsylvzzz%2Fsylvzzz&label=VISITORS&countColor=%23263759)

###

<h2 align="left">My Socials</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diogo-lb-silva/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/sylvz._" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/instagram/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="instagram logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

<h2 align="left">My tech stack</h2>

###

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="40" alt="php logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" height="40" alt="postgresql logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" height="40" alt="c logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="40" alt="html5 logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="40" alt="css logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" height="40" alt="express logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="40" alt="react logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" height="40" alt="tailwindcss logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" height="40" alt="bash logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="40" alt="linux logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="40" alt="git logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/wordpress/wordpress-original.svg" height="40" alt="wordpress logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" height="40" alt="debian logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vim/vim-original.svg" height="40" alt="vim logo"  />
</div>

###

###

<h2 align="left">Personal Projects</h2>

###

| Project Name | Key Concepts | Grade | Languages/tech used |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| [**Reuniões AL**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Plataforma-de-Agenda) | Simple Full Stack `CRUD` WebApp similar to google calendar for scheduling meetings | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|
| [**Plano Anual de Atividades**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Plano-Anual-de-Atividades) | Simple Full Stack `CRUD` WebApp similar to google calendar for student activities | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>| |
| [**Quizzes AL**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/Quizzes) | Full Stack WebApp for Quizzes with a goal to dynamize  using `static variables` | 20/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>| |
| [**PAP 2025**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/PAP_2025) | Full Stack Social Media WebApp destined for my high school with a goal of connecting the school community | 17/20 ✔️ | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/PHP-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|
| [**Photography JR**](https://photography-jr.vercel.app) | Full Stack WebApp developed for a photographer friend to help share his work | No grade | <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/NodeJS-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Supabase-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/JavaScript.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/HTML.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/CSS.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Vercel-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/>|

###

<h2 align="left">42 Projects</h2>

###

| Project Name | Key Concepts | Grade | Languages/tech used |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| [**Libft**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/42-libft) | Custom C library using `malloc`, `free`, linked lists and pointers | 125 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**ft_printf**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/ft_printf) | Writing the `printf` standard function from scratch | 100 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**get_next_line**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/get-next-line) | Writing a function that returns a line read from a file descriptor, using `static variables` | 100 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |
| [**Born2beroot**] | System administration and Computer Networks project developed on a virtual machine, covering concepts such as `LVM`, `UFW`, `SSH`, `WordPress`, `MariaDB/MySQL` and more | 125 ✔️ | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/debian/debian-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/Wordpress.svg" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons/blob/main/icons/MySQL-Dark.svg" width="40" height="40"/>
| [**ft_printf**](https://github.com/sylvzzz/push_swap) | Developing a stack-based sorting algorithm using linked lists and a limited set of instructions such as pushing, reversing and swapping, implementing a sorting algorithm to minimize operations, for my case i implementing the Radix Sort | awaits evaluation ... | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/> |

<a href="https://github.com/oakoudad/badge42"><img src="https://badge.mediaplus.ma/colorfulwaves/dbotelho?1337Badge=off&UM6P=off" alt="dbotelho's 42 stats" /></a>
